Nistro: Slam him,
hammer bounzer!
Take that duelist down!
Get up!
I'm not finished with you yet!
Duelist: I'll never cheat
in a duel again nistro!
I learned my lesson.
Please, let me go!
Not till you pay, punk.
In full.
Dextra: That's enough
nistro, back off.
Don't forget about our real
mission which is to track down
number cards.
You're getting
off easy this time.
But don't let me see your
face in heartland city!
Pathetic slime.
Flip: Hey, the tournament!
Oh man. Last thing I remember
I was checking out the opening
ceremonies of the duel
carnival with yuma and the gang.
See ya in the finals!
I wanted to find a
spot where I could hide.
Then I could spy on
the other duelists
to get an edge in my matches!
But instead of dueling,
I've just been dozing!
I'll have to bust a move if I
wanna win all the heart pieces
I need to make the
finals! Then again,
I'm starting really late.
A lot of the weaker duelists
have probably dropped out.
Which means there's more
chance of me losing!
It's gonna be much Harder
to collect pieces now.
I'll never win this thing.
Unless I can pull a flip-Flop!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: Oh yeah!
I have four heart
pieces So far!
TORI: Win one more and
you'll advance to the finals!
Astral, look!
What's wrong?
Astral isn't around.
But isn't he always nearby?
Oh well. It might be a nice
change to have a duel without
his commentary track.
Astral: These numbers are
fragments of my memories.
And with the help of yuma, I
have been fortunate to regain
many of them.
Yet I still am
uncertain of so much.
Spencer: Where is that snake?
He's gotta be hiding someplace!
Spencer!
What are you up to?
I'm lookin' for someone!
Have you guys seen flip?
Nope.
He ripped me off.
Hey,
Spencer, I know you're gonna
rule This duel carnival!
Yep, those other
duelists better watch out!
Bet you collected loads of those
shiny heart pieces already, huh?
Two.
But I can't fit
them together yet.
Step this way!
What do you want?
Feast your eyes!
You won all of those?
Lemme see your piece.
Hey wait!
Hey that's mine!
Give it back, flip!
A perfect fit!
How would you like to make
a deal, Spencer my friend?
I get to keep your piece and in
exchange you can have all the
pieces you want from this bag.
You switched pieces with flip?
Uh-huh.
It would've taken forever to
collect all the heart pieces I
needed if I had to
duel for 'em all.
But later I found out the pieces
I got from him were all phony.
They're made of Candy.
Candy?
I thought it was weird that the
pieces were so sticky. Then they
melted in my pocket.
Serves you right for trying to
cheat your way into the finals!
I did deserve it.
But will you please help me get
my pieces back from flip?
Sure, Spencer.
Boy a: disgusting!
Boy B: He tricked me!
Boy C: They're fake!
Wait till I get my
hands on that flip!
Stop.
What happened?
This Candy piece Scam
is workin' out sweet for me!
I already collected four heart
pieces that fit and I only need
one more to make the finals.
I guess using one piece of Candy
to complete my heart piece
couldn't hurt.
I'm sure no one
will find out.
We better find flip
before he scams more kids.
Yeah if he gets
enough real pieces.
He'll get into the finals!
I got my pieces!
All five of 'em, look!
Bingo.
My heart Piece is complete!
My, that's impressive!
It didn't take you very long.
Am I the first duelist
to make the finals then?
Amazing!
I'm number one!
Unless that's made out of Candy.
What?
I don't understand.
Are you suggesting that this
heart piece could be a fake?
I would never pull
a trick like that, sir!
Prove it isn't Candy
by tasting it then!
Okay!
I'll show you it's real!
This tastes good!
and it's melting!
No!
It's...
Candy!
Knock it off, kid.
I caught ya!
I'm innocent!
Now what do we have here?
I've been framed!
I swear, sir!
Someone Planted those
pieces in my hat!
Settle down!
Flip!
Yuma, help!
Hold on!
What are you planning
to do with flip?
What's it to you?
Hey, nistro!
I recognize him.
That pest has gotten
in our way before.
Oh yeah.
I wanna know what you two
are gonna do with flip!
This cheat made
fake heart pieces.
He's gonna pay with his deck.
And he'll be banned from
competing in this and all future
duel carnivals.
Plus I'm kicking him out of
heartland city and he can never
duel here again!
Flip was wrong, but
isn't this a little extreme?
I'll tell you what's extreme.
He violated our sacred
rules of conduct!
Now he'll suffer
the consequences!
No!
I'm sorry, honest!
I'll never break
the rules again!
Hey, wait a minute!
I can't deny that flip
made a huge mistake
and deserves to be punished.
But you can't just
ban him forever!
How about we settle this
honorably with a duel?
If I beat you, then you'll agree
to give him a second chance.
You duel me?
Get real.
I'm way better than you.
That's what you think!
I could beat you
and her together!
Fine then.
A two-On-One duel.
You'll duel nistro and me
together and if you beat either
one of us, then
you win the match.
And your friend
gets his second chance.
But if you lose, then you get
the exact same punishment as
him.
Don't do it, yuma!
Well, kid?
You still want to duel?
I knew you'd back down once
the stakes were high enough.
You're all talk!
Stop right there!
I'll duel!
Both of you!
What?
You will?
You could lose your deck and be
banned from competing in this or
future DUEL carnivals!
Besides, astral
isn't even around.
How can you even think of
taking those two on by yourself?
It's too tough!
Look, flip needs my help!
I can't just turn
my back on him!
Let's start.
You have no chance but
this could be amusing.
It will be, especially
after I beat both of you!
Get set to get decked!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Get ready to feel the heat!
Let's get down to business!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
Let me see if the memories I
do have trigger anything new.
Voice: Your name is astral.
And you're being entrusted
with the future of our world.
No use.
I cannot piece
together more memories.
I need answers.
It seems clear my purpose is
connected with yuma in ways I
still cannot fully grasp.
There is a bond between us so
strong it can generate a great
transformation But will
it also bring destruction?
Yuma!
He has begun a duel.
I must go.
Number 96: Leaving
so soon, astral?
You again!
Number 96!
How is it you are here?
Did you break
your Seal again?
Correct.
We all decided it
was time to act.
You all?
We should end this
duel quickly, nistro.
No problem.
Astral isn't here?
Well then this
match is over!
Come on.
Yuma can't beat
those guys by himself.
You better start
cheering for yuma
or you'll have
to deal with me!
You can beat 'em both, yum
don't worry, flip.
I have the perfect
cards and strategy.
You'll see. It's my move!
First I'm playing a monster
facedown in defense mode.
Then I'll play
another facedown,
and end my turn.
For someone who talks big,
it sure looks like you
don't have the
cards to back it up!
You wish.
I'm just getting ready to
pounce when the time is right.
Does this mean that
the other numbers
are giving you their power?
Naturally.
We all agree that
our time has come.
It is time to act
and to destroy!
Destroy?
Are you saying that
we exist in order
to bring destruction
to the world?
What other purpose
could you and I have?
I'll go next.
I draw!
And summon
morpho butterspy!
And with this,
I'll end my turn.
You're up, nistro!
That's one strong butterfly!
If you think that's strong,
just wait until you see what
I have in store for you.
You ready?
I draw!
I summon hammer bounzer!
I can summon this card when you
have cards on your
field but I don't.
My bouncer is a real beast!
Look at all those
attack points!
He's not foolin' around.
That monster's
level six!
I'll turn it
over to you, yuma.
Let's see if you have
the guts to strike!
I have to think this through
carefully before I decide which
monster to go after first,
and which of my cards to use.
That's it!
I know my next move!
I draw!
And I'm gonna change my facedown
Monster from defense mode
to attack mode!
Rev it up, rai Rider!
1200 attack points.
If that's your best monster,
this duel will be over quick.
Don't be too sure!
Next I'm gonna
summon Tasuke Knight!
First, I'll knock out that
morpho butterspy with tasuke
Knight, then rai Rider can
attack to score some major
damage!
Okay, tasuke Knight!
Attack with
power-push!
I activate the
trap butterflyoke!
And with it,
I'm putting the brakes on
your tasuke Knight's attack!
Because When butterflyoke trap
equips on to your monster, it
switches it from attack
to defense mode!
She foiled his attack
before it even hit!
It seems you're
right back where
you were before your
turn began, genius.
Just wait until
my next turn.
Yuma's a total
mess without
astral around to
help him battle!
Where is he?
Send out an astral alarm!
Your destiny lies with us.
Remember your mission!
The time has come at last.
Come and join us... astral!
What?
Utopia!
Number 39, you refuse to join us
on our mission of destruction?
Well then, I will have to
have you join us by force!
Subdue utopia, dark mist!
I summon swallowtail
butterspy in attack mode!
Then I'll use my
butterflyoke
Trap card again and spring
its second effect!
Once each turn, this trap card
lets me change the battle mode
of the equipped monster.
So I'm switching your
tasuke Knight to attack mode!
It's obvious that your planning
to attack tasuke Knight with
your swallowtail.
But there's hardly any
difference in attack points,
so I'll just take
a little damage!
You're right.
So I'll have to activate
morpho's special ability!
If your monster changes battle
mode, once a turn morpho wipes
out a thousand of
it's attack points!
Oh man!
Your Knight's totally
vulnerable now!
Morpho butterspy,
take out your tasuke Knight
with Blue Scale stream!
And I'm also triggering
swallowtail's special ability!
Now one of your monsters loses
attack points equal to the
amount of damage you just took!
Call a mechanic, 'cause
that biker reaking down!
Get set swallowtail,
attack rai Rider!
Vivid Scale stream!
Yuma!
We're gonna get
tossed if he loses.
Guess I better start
Packing my suitcase!
You're running out of
life points fast yuma,
and you still haven't
scored a single hit
against my partner and me.
Give it up.
No way.
I was just warming up and the
real duel is only beginning now!
And I've got some
surprises for ya!
Really?
I'm gonna use rai
Rider's special ability!
Since your monster
attacked this card,
it can't battle
on your next turn.
What difference does it make?
Your field is empty anyway.
That special ability
is useless right now.
He can't last
much longer, nistro.
Finish him.
Take hold of utopia!
It's my turn!
I summon blade bounzer!
Then hammer bounzer's going
to attack you directly!
And don't think you can
protect yourself either!
When there are no spell
or trap cards on my field
and this card attacks,
you can't activate any
spells or traps!
You're totally at
my mercy now yuma,
and I'm not in a forgiving mood.
Attack him, hammer bounzer,
knuckle knockdown!
Yuma!
He's almost done for!
That loser is out
of his league.
One last attack from blade
bounzer and this duel is over.
He should've taken more damage!
Yuma's monster protected him!
That's right 'cuz when I'm
attacked directly, I can summon
Gagaga gardna from my
hand To help shield me.
And by discarding one card,
it won't be destroyed!
But you still take damage
if my monster is stronger!
Your gardna has
1500 attack points.
My blade Bounzer has 1800!
Blade bounzer, strike!
Use your straight slash!
I'm discarding one card and
activating gagaga gardna's
special ability again!
Yuma!
He lost another three
Hundred life points!
Yeah But I can keep
fighting on.
And so can my
gagaga gardna!
Oh no it can't.
Check out my blade
Bounzer's special ability!
By discarding a card
from my hand,
blade bounzer can clobber
your monster all over again!
Not cool!
Gardna is a goner!
Nistro has four more cards left
after this so he
can keep on attacking!
Once again, blade bounzer!
Attack Gagaga gardna!
Straight slash!
Don't worry gardna!
I'm discarding a card, so that
bounzer of his can't
hurt you in any way!
Yuma!
You just played
your last card, kid.
Now gagaga gardna can't use
it's special ability again.
It was a total rout.
You choked and now you're
out of the carnival!
Strike again, bounzer!
Let's end this duel now!
Straight Slash attack!
Gagaga gardna!
Noooo!